Hello there in a previous video we've just started dependencies there were quite before.
At this we deal with current instant dependencies so that they can use inside our app.
Let's start by opening up our more file
more consists of four parts the declarations imports per writers and bootstrap declarations is used
to continue the list of components that are in our app importances a list of dependencies that pass
providers has a list of services they will be using our app and bootstrap.
It's a list of components that will be bootstrapped when at more Jew is bootstrapped.
If any of this were some foreigns you stop this reader right now and check or crash course which will
let you do me for free.
Here imported the firm's modes you should be playing more Jew and be more Jew and with the current insight
the imports the GTP and more Jew is needed to make histidine pickups in angular forms module.
Use for controlling forms and angular and MJB more module.
It's useful angular bootstrap now.
Our dependencies are successfully set up in unless we do we will set up our next bar and footer.